good commander, we continue with more cars
saif sons finally came the goals
the July ones arrived and the last one had
been in the month of June so this time
yes yes it is appreciated also it is so
I send a big hello
5 serious there were several of the bankers and
many of Vaseline suggested in Spain
so pay attention because there are very good two
goals and before seeing the compact of the
ten best we will see the winner of
the June goals to the player's house
of glory with classes is actually the
vote we're just going to listen to the
grays of your friends so now we're going
to fight to had never won the
goals of June and followed pegadito we see
the best goals of July and August
See you later
back to action in this month
ah
all right
we hear the word of lucas eagle and
now if the 10 best goals of July and
August the tenth santiago elías el
cute pinocchio archer against rice
and made a play combined with alan
slang
for the Sherman heart and the day that the
victory mediation of pilots 8 to 13 will
he had been one on one for the team
of villa urquiza in the position number
nine the wall between sandoval and quintero
and the magic of gabriel medina which is the
hook that makes the number 10
and we will see in the repeat on 10
had opened the score outside towards
inside the long bow the archer of the
defender 3 to 3 have finished between
banfield and temperley is now the turn
of rubén south and cultural against uai
urquiza notice of foot and shot Piaf
up to the angle or tie apart the
detail that starts from behind
half of very nice court the both of
rubén sur and in the triumph of cultural 54
ante uai urquiza 34 games to pass
and it ends up defining inatajable up
cute the goal of south and position number 7
we continue with two more injured touches
nice this selection of goals
it's always nice to see goals Adrian
from home the worst
took out the auction
but an unthinkable shot look at the little
space that there was
and the number 3 of the heras that nails her
in the angle of the grandfather I beat terrible
bombing of adrián recia
mouth-independent 3 2 the game takes off
Bottinelli and above Rodrigo
run in the goal alamiro vaporaki
we used to say the Vaseline way
goals above the goalkeepers this is
one of the cases alamiro vaporaki that
that game has played a minute nothing
more entered and scored the goal then came out
turn the number three
cute that much of mouth and this barbarian
the auction of marcelo fariña retains
kansas look
there are arc to arc trains
aside the ball that stings me the celebration
terrible of the hurricane players with
the archer was the fourth hurricane that
beat Sarandí culture as
visitor is true that there was not here the
archer of culture of the archer players
something and send me but the ball that
means enter directly into the arch
from sarandí
this was controversial federico endowed it
demand I stand alone
hooked up inside the court not
plus 3 and nail it up in the angle
there was controversy the ball
notice that it hits the crossbar
itches on the line for the referee or
inside the referee was well located and
with magic of several no mayer mgm
mariano terrible air the spoon that
enter number 8 of boedo star
before sports risk a win
terrible
and the red team
corn tie missing Christian
descriptions of more homes
falls slightly of three quarters of
court above the body of guido
mohsén are
controls well and then left-handed
up or lapse of maturity and position
number 1 matias fustiniano the ball that
it is choppy nice definition
terrible definition of auxiliary
if it is the repetition it seems with the body
as if he is going to take the step and ends
defining three fingers before the exit of
archer while alludes to cotel and by the
spot there is it seemed that one appears
not to say obstacle
d
in a way more than three fingers and
officials and we see it in are from
Vaseline so good the show
you will also say it
obviously we put the number
10 to number 1 but the one who chooses
ideal in the people are you from your house
and how are they going to choose from the next
way the video come down from our page
the month of June are our names and
next a click where you want to choose
and there will leonard the button to make them
great games can write it for
tweet or can not comment also on
our page which seem crazy
but the vote remember that it is
clicking there where I told them we
we see with more cars and surely the
courts signatures matches and next time
with the best goals of September
until the next